chore: add parameter section in migration (#2293)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/migration/migrating-to-v3.md

asyncapi: 3.0.0
...
```

## Restricted parameters object

> Parameters has always been one that did not reflect the use-cases of the real world for the sacrifice of convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameters have often prioritized convenience over accurately reflecting real-world use cases.
```

<Asyncapi3ParameterComparison className="my-8" />

> In v2, you had the full capability of the Schema Object, however it provides too many options that are rarely used. On-top of that, how are you ever going to serialize an object or boolean in the channel path?
> 
> In v2, we have simplified it significantly, so by constantly being of string type, and only giving a limited number of properties to use. Now you only have access to `enum`, `default`, `description`, `examples`, and `location`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v2, we significantly streamlined the Schema Object. While the previous version offered full capability with numerous, often underutilized options, it posed challenges in serializing objects or booleans in the channel path. 

The new v3 simplifies this by consistently using the string type and limiting available properties. Now, you can only access `enum`, `default`, `description`, `examples`, and `location`, ensuring a more focused and practical approach."
```
